Progress:

Started tricking my brain to just get started, I tell myself I just need 15 minutes and no more no less.

I work on the small features where when you update the records, it will also automatically updates the other components.

This seems interesting way to be able to pass the components. I’ve use Claude for this and it was able to use those things.

Somehow it makes me curious about using the [[ShadCDN]] this seems interesting to use.

I guess I like it more to be able to use a micro commitment and just lowering the barriers for me for now, and doesn’t need to happen on doing it for like 2-3 hours. For me it was about building the momentum.

Somehow it makes me curious if I can join a community to be able to apply the things I’m learning and have a different people join and cheer them up.

just do a simple 15 minutes on there commitment.

I realized that I can do it before I start working for my cllients, just to make sure that I put my creative energy in my own endeavor first.
## Getting inspired
I think I was inspired reading the story from Vin, where he just get started on the industry that he was not familiar.

and the thing that get stuck with me is the volumes, and doing it 100 times from visa.

I guess that’s the key there,

and somehow I realized that I can sacrifice for now the morning social media usage that I’m doing in building things.

## insert title
- feature/products/products-pages, origin/feature/products/products-pages) chore: add prettier
- feat: add sync of products edit to main component